Let's talk about Namespaces now. Namespaces allow you to create virtual clusters within the same physical cluster.
Namespaces logically separate
your cluster.
The standard namespace is called default and that's where the resources are launched in by default.
So, whenever we are not specifying a namespace, we are actually launching pods, deployments, and so on,
in the default namespace. There's also a namespace for Kubernetes specific resources called kube-system.
For instance, our monitoring was launched in kube-system, the DNS addon also in kube-system.
The dashboard is also an example of something that lives in the Kube-System namespace.
Namespaces are intened when you have multiple teams/ multiple projects using the Kubernetes cluster. You don't need this,
if you're the only user. The name of the resources need to be unique within a namespace,
but not across Namespaces.
For instance, you can have the deployment "helloworld" multiple times in different Namespaces,
but not twice in one namespace.
You can divide resources of Kubernetes cluster using Namespaces.
You can limit the resources on a per namespace basis.
So, this is what I just explained in a previous lecture,
these are quotas that you can put in you typically put them per namespace for instance the marketing team
can only use a maximum of 10 gigabyte of memory, two Load Balancers and two CPU cores.
Course these are quotas that they can easily put in your communities cluster.
First you need to create a new namespace.
You can easily do that using "kubectl create namespace myspace", if you want a list of namespaces, you can do "kubectl get namespaces".
This now shows the "default" namespace, the "kube-system" namespace, and the newly created, "myspace".
If you want to set that namespace as a default so that when you launch new resources
those will not be launched as a default,
but in myspace, you can use those two lines.
First you need to get the context with these  commands.
Then you can change a context and you can specify that you want the namespace "myspace" used in the config.
You can then create resource limits within that namespace.
Here we have an object of kind of resource quota, you have the metadata that we give a name.
Here we also have a namespace we specify our newly created namespace "myspace" and then we have the specifications.
We have a hard limit on the "requests.cpu", "request.memory", "limits.cpu" and "limits.memory".
The "request.cpu" is 1 core and 1Gi of memory.
There's a limit on 2 cores and 2Gi memory. Here is an example where we specify limits
on objects, so we can see in this namespace "myspace".
You can only have 10 "configmaps", 4 "persistentvolumeclaims", 20 "replication controllers", 10 "secrets", 10 "services" and
only 2 "loadbalancers".
Those "loadbalancers" can be interesting, because on AWS it costs money for every Load Balancer that you have.
So these are things that typically want to restrict. In the next demo, I will show you how this works.